>> Will Sentance: Two
quick things before that,
actually, sorry,
two brief things before that.
One, the return back message
[SOUND] is also in HTTP format.
We use the body bit of it to
send any data, like hello,
in the headers of the return back message.
It's the same format,
get request line with the headlines.
This is the headline bit,
what you absolutely, the headline,
the request headers and the body.
The headers bit on the message
you send back can also include
things like content type.
Like, hey, what we're sending
back to Michael's Mac is HTML.
Hey, web browser Chrome, Safari on Firefox
on Michael's Mac, you're receiving here,
not plain text, don't try and
load it as text, interpret as HTML.
And so we can actually add
to this message headers and
these metadata about
the data we're sending back.
Say, hey, this is HTML,
please interpret it as such,
using properties like content type.
You're gonna see this in
the pair programming.
But you've just gotta make sure this
message has all the information
the browser needs to be able to
load up the data in the right way.